Initial commit (#2)
camptocamp/c2cciutils: README.md

  - c2cciutils-audit: Do the audit, the main difference with checks is that it can change between runs on the same code.
  - c2cciutils-publish: Publish the project.
  - c2cciutils-clean: Delete Docker images on Docker Hub after corresponding branch have been deleted.

# New project

The content of example-project can be a good base for a new project.

# Configuration

You can get the currunt configuration with `c2cciutils --get-config`, the default configuration depends on your project.

You can override the configuration with the file `ci/config.yaml`.

At the base of the configuration you have:

* `version`: Contains some regular expressions to find the versions branches and tags, and to convert them into application versions.
* `checks`: The checkers configuration, see `c2cciutils/checks.py` for more information.
* `audit`: The audit configuration, see `c2cciutils/audit.py` for more information.
* `publish`: The publish configuration, see `c2cciutils/publish.py` for more information.

Many actions can be disabled by setting the corresponding configuration part to `False`.

# Publishing

## To pypi

> When publishing the computed version is set as the environment variable 'VERSION' than you can use it in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When publishing, the version computed from arguments or GITHUB_REF is put in environment variable 'VERSION', thus you should use it in `setup.py`, example:
VERSION = os.environ.get("VERSION", "1.0.0")
```

the `setup.py`.

The config is like this:

```yaml

>     versions: # List of kind of version you vant to publish, that can be: custom (used by rebuild),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    versions: # List of kinds of versions you want to publish, that can be: custom (used by rebuild),
```
Note that reading this it would make sense to rename custom to rebuild.

        # version_tag, version_branch, feature_branch, feature_tag (for pull request)
```

## To Docker registry

The config is like this:

```yaml
images:
  - name: # The base name of the image we want to publish
repository:
  <internal_name>:
      "server": # The fqdn name of the server if not Docker hub

>       "version": # List of kind of version you vant to publish, that can be: custom (used by rebuild),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "version": # List of kinds of versions you want to publish, that can be: custom (used by rebuild),
```

          # version_tag, version_branch, feature_branch, feature_tag (for pull request)

>       "tags": # List of tags we want to publish interpreter with `template(version=version)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "tags": # List of tags we want to publish interpreted with `template(version=version)`
```
Not clear for me, could we have an example ?

Author: Example added :-)

          # the image should be built with `version = 'latest'`

>       "group": # If your images are published by different job you can separate them in different groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "group": # If your images are published by different jobs you can separate them in different groups
```

>           # and publish them with `c2cciutils-publisg --group=<group>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          # and publish them with `c2cciutils-publish --group=<group>`
```
